1843 new ajax request resets whole view if historypanel is enabled (#1872)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/configuration.rst

  but want to render your application in French, you would set this to
  ``"en-us"`` and :setting:`LANGUAGE_CODE` to ``"fr"``.

.. _UPDATE_ON_FETCH:

* ``UPDATE_ON_FETCH``

  Default: ``False``

>   This setting specifies if  the whole toolbar need to be refresh if an ajax
>   request is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This controls whether the toolbar should update to the latest AJAX request when it occurs.
  This is useful to enable if when "boosting" the web application with a JavaScript library such
  as htmx.
```

  but want to render your application in French, you would set this to
  ``"en-us"`` and :setting:`LANGUAGE_CODE` to ``"fr"``.

.. _UPDATE_ON_FETCH:

* ``UPDATE_ON_FETCH``

  Default: ``False``

>   This controls whether the toolbar should update to the latest AJAX request when it occurs.
>   This is useful to enable if when "boosting" the web application with a JavaScript library such
>   as htmx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This controls whether the toolbar should update to the latest AJAX
  request when it occurs. This is useful to enable if when "boosting"
  the web application with a JavaScript library such as htmx.
```

>   the web application with a JavaScript library such as htmx.

Reviewer 2: I like the changelog entry a lot. "to control whether the toolbar automatically updates to the latest AJAX request or not" reads beautifully. 

The second sentence is a bit strange because of the "if when". Maybe something like this would be better? "This is especially useful when using htmx boosting or similar JavaScript techniques."

I'm not a native speaker/writer either though, so I'm not sure.

Reviewer: "if when" is definitely a mistake :sweat_smile: Your English is perfect.
